Known issues
------------
1. PsExec or winexe and Windows Vista or Windows 7
2. Make sure regular user is logged in when using vmw vrmt
3. Windows Live ID Sign-In Assistant conflicts with smbclient
4. Windows Vista and Windows 7 UAC one-time UAC pop-up for nmap
5. Windows XP updates change default sharing security and psexec
6. winexe 0.80 fails with "Failed to install... code 0x00000424"
7. winexe 0.9 fails with command containing pipe character ('|')
8. Commands sent via psexec or winexe work, but response is slow


1. PsExec or winexe and Windows Vista or Windows 7

To use PsExec or winexe with a Windows Vista or Windows 7 machine it is
necessary to change a registry setting as follows.

Click on the Windows "Start" icon, enter "cmd" and then press
CTRL-SHIFT-ENTER. In the console window that subsequently opens,
enter the following commands.

> reg delete "HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Policies\System" /v LocalAccountTokenFilterPolicy
> reg add "HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Policies\System" /v LocalAccountTokenFilterPolicy /t REG_DWORD /d 1


2. Make sure regular user is logged in when using vmw vrmt

When you're commanding a Windows system with VMware Workstation running on it,
make sure that the user that runs VMware Workstation is logged into the
system all the way to a visible desktop. We've seen issues where the vmrun
command does not correctly list and start virtual machines if the login screen
is currently visible on the console. The regular user mentioned above should
also be the user you've defined as the "user" in the session line decribing
your host.


3. Windows Live ID Sign-In Assistant conflicts with smbclient

When trying to use session send from a unix-like machine to a remote Windows
Vista or Windows 7 system, the smbclient command is used.
When the remote Windows Vista or Windows 7 system has "Windows Live ID Sign-In
Assistant" installed, the smbclient command will fail. Make sure you uninstall
the "Windows Live ID Sign-In Assistant" from the remote system you want to
use as a target with session send. For more information:

http://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/en/w7itpronetworking/thread/9c6f1d74-f7f0-4503-94fa-0d79a5597527


4. Windows Vista and Windows 7 UAC one-time UAC pop-up for nmap:

When using session on a Windows Vista or Windows 7 machine, you might encounter
a UAC pop-up the first time session invokes a state check.
This will fail the first state check but all subsequent state checks will work
for as long as the logon session remains active. This happens because nmap
requests elevated privileges.


5. Windows XP updates change default sharing security and psexec:

Updates released after Windows XP SP2 change the default sharing security
model for local accounts. The updates to Windows XP now sets this security
option to "Guest only – local users authenticate as Guest". This denies the
ability to implicitly or explicitly use of a specific user name/password
combination when interacting with the machine remotely using smb/cifs.
To fix, you have to set the "Network Access: Sharing and security model for
local accounts" to "Classic – local users authenticate as themselves".
Access it via Start > Run > secpol.msc > Local Policies > Security Options,
and change "Network Access: Sharing and security model for local accounts"
to "Classic - local users authenticate as themselves". For more information:

http://itbin.blogspot.com/2010/10/psexec-logon-failure-and-access-denied.html


6. winexe 0.80 fails with "Failed to install... code 0x00000424"

If you get a message that more or less resembles the following error message:
[winexe/winexe.c:120:on_ctrl_pipe_error()] ERROR: Failed to install service winexesvc - NT code 0x00000424
This message was printed by winexe 0.80 on an Ubuntu 11.04 system.  Upgrading
to winexe 0.90 fixed it.


7. winexe 0.9 fails with command containing pipe character ('|')

Winexe prior to 1.00 does not allow the use of pipes in Windows commands.
You can upgrade to winexe 1.00 which support pipes in commands sent.


8. Commands sent via psexec or winexe work, but response is slow

On at least Windows 7, the default firewall rules block certain traffic that
Psexec and Winexe use to communicate. The end result is that the commands will
work, but it takes a long time for them to do so (about 20 seconds).
To work around this issue, make sure you Enable the "Remote Service Management"
rules. There are about 6 of them on Windows 7, 2 for each Profile (domain, public
and private). Start "Windows Firewall with Advanced Security" by using the
command 'wf.msc'. In the Advanced Firewall GUI, select "Inbound" and find the
beforementioned "Remote Service Management" rules. Select them and Right Click,
then select "Enable". Psexec and Winexe commands should now be fast.
