Session Manual

History

Purpose

Contents

Running Session
reinit     - reinitializes session's required and detected tools.
version    - show session version.
--mode     - serial (default), stateful or parallel (experimental).
--user     - run the command with user credentials (default).
--admin    - run the command with admin credentials.
--service  - run the command with service credentials.

Storing Credentials and Sending Keys
key        - send public key or store credentials for remote admin and user.

Listing
list       - list hosts, guests, services, groups, osmt, acmt, exmt or vrmt's
Special parameters for list:
all        - (list and check only) show or state all.
mode       - (list) show all modes. --default for default only.
host       - (list) show all hosts.
guest      - (list) show all guests.
group      - (list) show all groups.
service    - (list) show all services.
acmt       - (list) show all supported access methods.
exmt       - (list) show all supported execute methods.
svmt       - (list) show all supported service methods.
vrmt       - (list) show all supported virtualization methods.
osmt       - (list) show all supported operating environments.
crmt       - (list) show all supported credential methods.

Discovering
discover   - scan an ip or an ip subnet.

Checking State
check      - (state, status) checks state of a host, guest, service or group.
detail     - shows all known information about a host, guest or service.

Adding, Modifying and Deleting
addconf    - adds a host, guest, service or group to session.conf.
modconf    - modify an existing host, guest, service or group in session.conf.
delconf    - removes a host, guest, service or group from session.conf.
--type     - the type of the added entry (host, guest, service or group).
--osmt     - the operating system for the host or guest system
--acmt     - the access method to be used.
--exmt     - the execute method to be used.
--addr     - the ip address for the host, guest or service.
--port     - (services only) the port on which a service listens.
--user     - the regular user account for the host, guest or service.
--admin    - the administrative account for the host or guest.
--vrmt     - (optional, hosts only) the virtualization method supported.
--vmhome   - (optional, hosts only) where the host stores its vm executables.
--vmdata   - (optional, hosts only) where the host stores its virtual machines.
--svstatus - (optional, scripted services only) status command for a service.
--svstart  - (optional, scripted services only)  start command for a service.
--svstop   - (optional, scripted services only)   stop command for a service.
--host     - (guests only) the parent host system.
--members  - (groups only) a comma-separated list of hosts and/or guests.

Starting Stopping and Restarting
start      - attempts to start a host, guest, service or group.
stop       - attempts to stop a host, guest, service or group.
restart    - attempts to restart a host, guest, service or group.

Creating and Destroying Virtual Machines
create     - attempts to create a non-existing guest system.
destroy    - attempts to destroy an existing guest system.
--desc     - (optional) annotation (--desc="My description.").
--numvcpu  - the virtual CPU count for guest system (--numvcpu=2).
--memsize  - the virtual memory size in MB for guest system (--memsize=512).
--dsksize  - the disk size in GB for guest system (--dsksize=4).
--guestos  - the operating system for guest system (--guestos=other-64).

Accessing Systems
access     - access a host, guest, service or group using various methods.

Sending Commands to Systems
tell       - send a command to the host, guest, service or group.

Sending Files and Directories to Systems
send       - send a directory to the host, guest, service or group.
--source   - the source directory on the local system to send from.
--target   - the target directory on the remote system to send to.

Main Options File
terminal='putty'
desktop='mstsc'
browser='windows'
smbtell='psexec'
sshtell='plink'
smbsend='robocopy'
sshsend='pscp'
execute='1'
access='1'
create='1'
destroy='0'
send='1'
resilient='0'
timeout='1501'
titling='1'
color='1'
agent='1'
privy='0'
debug='0'

Configuration Files and Directories
cfg: options.conf  session.conf  tools.found  tools.required
log: session.log
sys: cwnp1dc1  helpsvc  ntlm  pc05262  rpcbind  sw0001  vmtools  wilco
tmp: session.conf.active session.ssh-agent.out
tpl:

